feat(config): minimumGroupSize (#37242)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

}
```

## minimumGroupSize

> If set to to a positive value x, and a `groupName` is present then branch creation will be postponed until x or more updates are available in the branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to to a positive value x then branch creation will be postponed until x or more updates are available in the branch.

This applies to both these scenarios:
- Grouped updates with more than one dependency updated together, and
- Branches with multiple updates of the same dependency (e.g. in multiple files)
```
